OSDOCS-1203 Samples Operator Alerts (#26435)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-restricted-network-samples.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> The Cluster Samples Operator issues alerts if imports are failing but the Cluster Samples Operator is periodically retrying them, or if imports are failing and the Cluster Samples Operator does not appear to be retrying them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cluster Samples Operator issues alerts if imagestream imports are failing but the Cluster Samples Operator is either periodically retrying or does not appear to be retrying them.
```

Author: Thanks!
